# One-more-ISIS-game

This project puts the One-More-ISIS security hypothesis into game form. It can be used, for example, in post-quantum blind signature schemes. Our tool can be used to visualise the operation of a syndrome-preimage oracle.

## Aim of the game

Find a vector **x** of small norm such that : A ⋅ x ≡ t mod q

**t** may already have been seen, but **x** must never have been asked of the oracle before. This scenario corresponds to an attempt to break the One-More-ISIS assumption.

## Game settings

- `n` = Dimension of the unknown vector **x**.
- `m` = Number of equations: size of the vector **t**, and number of rows in the matrix **A**.
- `q` = Modulo used in the calculations, all products are made modulo **q**.
- `k` = Maximum number of queries authorised to the oracle.

## Interface frames

- **Parameter**: Used to choose dimensions, generate a new instance, and query the oracle.
- **Game**: Manual entry of **x** and **t**, plus a button for checking their validity.
- **History**: Allows you to view previous queries.
- **Goal**: Reminds you of the goal.
- **Display grid**: Representation of the lattice generated by the columns of the matrix **A**. It is only displayed when `n = 2` and `m = 2`.

  - The black dots represent points in the lattice.
  - The basis vectors (i.e. the two columns of **A**) are drawn from the origin: one in red and one in blue.
  - A green cross is drawn at position **t** when the user inputs a valid solution (x, t), such that A . x = t mod q, and **x** was not previously queried.

## Launch the project

```bash
git clone https://github.com/babou7063/One-more-ISIS-game.git
cd One-more-ISIS-game
python main.py 
```

This project requires Python 3.8+ and the numpy, matplotlib, and tkinter libraries.